Home
Solutions
Content Syndication
Account Based Marketing
Intent Based Marketing
360° B2B Digital Marketing
Lead Generation
Industries
Finance & Accounting
Sales & Marketing
Supply Chain
Education
Healthcare
Technology
Resources
Blog
About Us
Why Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Sign In
 / Report / State of Commerce
State of Commerce

Consider these two stats:

1. Digital platforms are projected to contribute 54% of total revenue till 2025.

2. 37% of digital leaders in a Salesforce survey attribute their firm’s success to ecommerce.

Is your firm in a position to harness the revenue generation potential of digital channels?

Dig into this report to learn what customer data reveals about ecommerce and how 2700 commerce leaders are managing its rising demand.

Sponsored by: Salesforce

   This page is FastPass tested and is compliant with Microsoft Accessibility features.

Get Exclusive Access to the Report
Business Email*
Name*
Company Name*
Job Title*
 By downloading this publication, you understand and agree that you are providing your personal information to Anteriad, LLC, and Anteriad may share your personal information with Salesforce, pursuant to Anteriad's Privacy Policy. Furthermore, Salesforce may use your personal information to provide you with marketing materials and contact you regarding its services, pursuant to Privacy Statement.
Download Now
Most Downloaded
Driving Retail Value with Integrated Planning and PLM
Secure by Design: Deliver Software Faster, More Safely, and More Securely with DevSecOps
Adobe Acrobat Al Assistant: Transforming How Knowledge Workers Interact with Documents
Compliance with Confidence: How SAP Concur Helps Organizations Spend Smarter

From lead generation to digital marketing strategies and execution, BizVersions engage your target audience, creating business.

Follow Us 
 
 
About
Why Us Contact Us Get Our Media Kit
Solutions
Content Syndication Account Based Marketing Intent based Marketing 360° B2B Digital Marketing Lead generation
Policies
Disclaimer Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Your California CCPA Rights Do Not Sell My Personal Information Terms Of Service
© 2026 BizVersions c/o Anteriad LLC. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All